box events chris robinson here
mayweather boxing club two-time national
champion samaja thomas you've been here
training you're from Chicago but you're
putting some work at the mayweather
boxing club we saw you going some good
rounds of the chris evangelho what's it
been like so far for working out here oh
it's been good no the wrong altitude you
know I just got here arrived yesterday
so a little jet-lagged but altitude kind
of didn't get to me but you know you
could use with people tell the
difference from chicago to up here has
been wondering get him ready for all my
pro fighter you never were an
outstanding amateur career you ready to
take it to the next level now can you
tell me a little bit about like your
life in chicago like how you got into
boxing everything oh my got into boxing
on I've been one of the boxes home since
I was young like 6-7 here and I got a
chance to go down to Echo Park boxing
right across the street from my house
and I was I was age 10 and I've been
boxing over sense and on
on the 2009 national silver gloves here
my place fifth and the junior world
championships in Armenia and I took
silver in the Junior Olympics and I was
charged with first-degree murder for 15
months and kept training in the facility
I was falsely accused of our best
training in a facility push-ups hitting
a bad Barn jump rope and kept telling
everybody I was on a win another
national championship and I was going
home qualify for the Olympics you know
my got my chance on the Obermann 17 2010
I gotta quit it and I got gotten it I
was in the gym the next day spawn and
I'm along the Illinois State
Championships the reason we
championships my on the US national
championships and replacing me number
one in the nation i will stop seeing
going to mimic trials but i was never
the upset lovely people and torturing
cone and
controversial controversial decision his
purposes and I respect the judge's
decision even after that we who decided
to make our way to the police right now
we get ready for the next level and you
working with Nate Jones people know him
what's it like working with him and is
he going to be a big part of year yeah
he's been a big big success a month or
every one all my national and he got me
to 70 fights but only five losses it's a
blessing working what about you and you
can go be coming out for more camps out
here too if everything goes alright yeah
everything goes alright with me employed
and everything is well with the i recon
Wow and it says a getting ready to turn
pro it's only natural you have your eyes
thinking about the money team and what
are your thoughts about 50 say employee
may was money so it's a big success I
think it's going to change the boxing
world and I think it's a good good idea
to have such great businessman invest in
a wise decision far as boxing exploit
know the boxing game in 50 50 Cent's you
know business-wise you Floyd do too but
you know that's a good that's a matchup
of the team orders already a success
appreciate it man